Only Feature of the Game: The developers

Average Age of the Team：15 years old
Music Production:Stephanie
Designers of 3D Roles: My primary schoolmate
Designers of 2D Pictures: Friends of my schoolmate
Source Code, etc：Me
Thank you guys for working on this stupid stuff right before the major exams.

    0.My Rough-Around-The-Edges Game
    There exist many deficiencies, even some bugs, in this game. Please forgive me, as this is the very first computer game I have ever created, and I developed most of the programs alone. The overall structure is most probably a mess. Therefore, if the game can work normally for more than 3 minutes, I hope you would give me a favorable review.

    1.The Ups and Down of Middle School Life
    I enrolled in middle school in September 2017. Looking back, I never could have imagined how the people and everything around me, would be transformed by some major blows I experienced, one after another.
    The first three months in middle school was the happiest time in my life. I tell my friends constantly: “I would give anything in the world to turn back time.” Unfortunately this world can be unforgiving at time, and I could never turn back the clock. Time keeps marching forward.
    The first major blow was a fracture to my left hand which happened on my sectional exam day. I was rushed to the hospital and underwent an operation. Despite of this tragedy, after three days’ rest, I returned to the class that I loved so deeply. Nevertheless, in just two weeks’ time, I suffered another fracture and visited the hospital again to have my right palm cast. As luck would have it, the fractures of my hands were caused accidently by just one of my friends. It was unlucky, but I didn’t hate him. Instead, a war started between my parents and me, for they insisted that I leave that class. 
    For two months, I recuperated at home. Winter vacation followed, and I had my cast removed. Muddle-headed, I entered a new class full of strangers when school started again. The life in the new class was terrible. Although the teachers and classmates treated me kindly and warmly, I didn’t want to be here. Time was dragging on for me, and I daydreamed all day about the happy time of my first three months here at school, the time my friends and I spent in the fast food restaurants, coffee shops, with each word we spoken, and every step we took. 
    After fighting for two months with my parents, stubborn as a mule , I won and returned to the old class. For the teachers and classmates in my new class, I took pains to create a video(with just music and words) before I left them. It was hard to imagine the maturity and kindness of these classmates. To be honest, their competency was far better than that of my old pals. In spite of my distance, they consistently treated me with kindness, consoling me while I was sad, and crying and embracing me when I was about to leave. 
    The time I returned was the happiest but at the same time the most painful. As I look back on those days, it seemed unreal, like a dream.

    2.You Don’t Understand my Pain
    In the end, I decided to escape. I proposed that I transfer to another school, so I enrolled in a school in Taipei for my second year in middle school. Although I moved on, my days were fragmented nonetheless. I could barely step into the school for the “bug” churning in my brain – the nonstop fighting within myself in the face of the challenges I had before.
    According to my doctor, if the brain works functionally, our sympathetic nervous system starts working when we are engaged in something, and the parasympathetic nervous system takes over when it is done. However, sometimes people can neither stop nor continue a task. In spite of extreme fatigue, the thing keeps circling in the same circuit until they break down. The imbalance between the two systems leads to dysautonomia which the doctor diagnosed me with.
    Anyway, being persistent, I always got myself immersed in the memories of the good old times. Doing nothing all day, I still felt very tired, with my emotions and body suffering badly. Everyone around me gave me the same suggestion: “Let it go.” Unfortunately, I just couldn’t.
    With a perpetual war going on in my head, I finished another semester at two new schools. At this time, my father got sick and went to the hospital a lot. It dawned on me that my pain deep down was a shadow of the problems in an adults’ world. 

    3.My Life After Moving On
    I came back to my old class after one semester at the new school. The class appeared totally different from what I had longed for though. In middle school, everyone grew up so fast and changed so much. The time I loved deeply was merely three months, two years ago.
    Just like that, I got stuck in my thoughts. I went to one or two classes every three days, and slowly my ties with everyone gradually came to an end.
    The arrival of summer vacation gave me a break. I couldn’t stop thinking about the last year: How am I going to spend it? Do I want to resume my life as a full time student? Starting the 9th grade, I changed my teacher. But that’s ok, such is life.

    4.My Teachers, Family, and Friends
    Because I transferred from class to class, I came to know more classmates and teachers than other peers.
    In the original class, the teachers and classmates used to call me “Ban Ban” because I served as the class leader（Ban Zang in Chinese）for three months. In other classes, they called me by my name or Jerry. They provided much more kindness and warmth than I could imagine. And to their credit, no one bullied me.
    I made some close friends in each class. Whenever I was vulnerable and depressed, as long as I sent out a message, they would come for me, even after a long day. We had dinners together and took walks alongside the river in the evening. (They probably had no idea it was just such friendships that gave me the strongest support.)
    What gave me a bigger surprise was the teachers. No matter which school or class I attended, they truly cared and protected me. Some of them were like my parents, painstakingly persuading this stubborn and opinionated kid. Although they had different ways of expressing themselves, they shared the same loving and tender expression in their eyes.
    There’s nothing perfect in the world. Even if I met 99% amazing teachers, there will always be someone completely opposite, that other 1%. Perhaps my life in middle school was just like the computer game, always a big BOSS waiting in the end. Therefore, I dropped out of school entirely and took up a new learning program. 
    After experiencing all these difficulties, I think differently from before. Just as my tutor in primary school said, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages. My mother told me that it was a good thing that it happened now, otherwise it would be a lot worse if it happened later in my life. No matter, it is what it is. I’m happy enough to be alive. I’ll just leave my worries behind. After all, I’m just a middle school student. No need to worry so much!
    My last plan was to develop a game. And then, I’ll gear up for the entrance exam and welcome my life in high school. That’ll be great! I’m ready for the next chapter.
    5.The Eagle With Me
    It was kind of fun to design the game. Though it won’t be my line of work in the future, it was a way to relieve my pressure. 
    In this game, the confused person is me, as well as those who were once confused. What I want to express is that in this world, even adults will feel confused at some point in there life. Some have found solutions, while others haven’t. My game intends to make you experience that confusion once again.
    I’ve had a terrible time for nearly three years during my middle school. Looking back on all this periods of turmoil, I received tremendous help from many Kind-hearted people. Therefore, in the end I’d like to express my gratitude to:
    - My parents, who showered me with love when I was struggling. 
    - My family, who surrounded me with loving care.
    - My three science tutors, who tolerated me and taught me a lot, as well as those teachers who cared about me.
    --- My friends, who always stood by me. 
    --- My classmates, who didn’t bully me. 
    - My parents’ friends, who cared about me.
    - My surgeon and psychiatrist. 
    - Mr. Ma Chong-Shan and Mr. Fang Hai, who saved my life, even though you didn’t even know who I was.

    My sincerest thank you,
    ------- Big Eagle.
    
    2019.12.17



